I one is I want to spot everyone can
your wife is right now I got to leave
well you've got no one you probably
could get something right here yeah we
can touch go ahead we're getting better
take my pants off
yeah enough with the threats the grads
get going my definition right I'm on
subscribe
Oh
close
remember those
yeah eggs if it's been all like it's all
smaller now totally compact and rather
than having huge laptops & herb's huge
desktop some stuff
one whole unit
really cool whole thing
now listen to tornado
what do they have to say
here
a day loading
why alright it's working what's going on
there listen two tornadoes they sound
like this
ah great remember whoa exactly freight
train is that all i needs like 30
seconds dan done I know just how things
rattle around electronic the filter
the death want to get your girlfriend
good that's like it's a cute when I get
him a girlfriend my wife wants to get
him a girl make sure I said we had
mission bother
it looks a little hot
absolutely
yeah this guy's switch over I don't lose
I don't use a servo i use this nick did
you say did these again jack curtsy no
jacquard see ya Jake a storm at AOL com
just Google AOL hysterical yeah and they
awesome i love them hey I need more see
ya I like 123 45
these storms here that's a long ways to
go which way is it moving
you are these two 26 that's going to be
so we even intersect it a little bit
yeah it's still a little less than this
total amount of
this right here struggling it's just too
small this year's too much on that one
that one's real big yeah he's got a more
mass
yeah i'm just going
hot days taking pictures
which to me and
and taking pics to him
you